PRUShield – Health Insurance Plan | Get a Quote Online | Prudential Singapore 
Online Payment
Rewards
Personal
Enterprise
Login
We Do
Products
Claims & Services
Priority Programmes
Work With Us
About Us
We Do
We Do Pulse
We Do Hub
We Do Innovation
Our Reason Is You
Products
Health Protection
Life Protection
Wealth Accumulation
Legacy Planning
Buy Insurance Online
Promotions
SRS
Claims & Services
Claims
Payments
Support
Tools
PRUPanel Connect
Priority Programmes
Ascend By Prudential
OPUS By Prudential
PURSUE
PRUVibes
Work With Us
Join as a Financial Rep
Corporate Careers
About Us
About Us
Sustainability
In Our Community
Newsroom
Community Investment
Login
PRUaccess
Corporate Insurance
Rewards
Online Payment
Enterprise
What can we help you with?
Call our PruCustomer Line 1800 333 0333
Call us
Send us an enquiry
Send enquiry
Cancel
Login to
PRUaccess
Corporate Insurance
We Do Pulse
 PRUShoppe
 FAQ
We Do Hub
 Do Health
 Do Wealth
 Do Family
We Do Innovation
Our Reason Is You
Health Protection
 Medical
 Accident
 Critical illness
 Dengue
 COVID Vaccination Coverage
Life Protection
 Whole Life
 Term Life
 Maternity
 Mortgage
Wealth Accumulation
 Savings
 Retirement
 Investments
 Funds
Legacy Planning
 PRUVantage Legacy Index
 PRULife Vantage Achiever Prime Series
 PRULifetime Income Plus
Buy Insurance Online
Promotions
SRS
Claims
 How to Submit a Claim
 PRUShield Electronic Letter of Guarantee
 Our Claims Promise
Payments
 iPay (Pay Premiums Online)
 Making Payments
 Receiving Payments
Support
 Customer Service FAQs
 Keeping Your Policy
 PRUPanel Connect
 Website Feedback
 Customer Stories
 Your Policy Document
 Annual Bonus Update
 Forms Library
 Understanding Life Insurance
 Find a PRUAdviser
 Currency Converter
 Quick Guide to PRUaccess
 Contact Us
Tools
 PRUDiscovery
 SGFinDex
PRUPanel Connect
Ascend By Prudential
 Priority Service
 Privileges
 Insights
 Contact Us / Be An Ascend Customer
OPUS By Prudential
PURSUE
PRUVibes
Join as a Financial Rep
 Rewards and Benefits
 Career Tracks
 Join Us
Corporate Careers
 Set Yourself Apart
 Learning From Inside And Outside
 PRURewards
 Career Opportunities 
About Us
 Our History
 Our Brand
 Annual Reports
Sustainability
 Our Sustainability Framework
 Sustainability Report
In Our Community
 Fair Dealing
 Our Commitment
Newsroom
 Press Releases
 Customer Stories
Community Investment
Health Protection | Medical
PRUShield
Get the medical protection you need to enjoy better healthcare, for better lives. Elevate your well-being and that of your loved ones with our tailored health insurance plan without compromising on coverage. 
Download Brochure 
下载手册
Buy Now
Contact Us
 Special Offer
Switch to PRUShield effortlessly before 31 December 2024 with PRUShield EasySwitch for better health insurance coverage. Enjoy seamless transition with continued coverage and simplified sign-up. To be eligible, customers must have an existing non-Prudential Shield plan and be aged# 50 or below.
#Refers to Age Next Birthday (ANB). T&Cs apply.
Learn more
What is PRUShield? 
PRUShield is a MediSave-approved Integrated Shield Plan that goes beyond providing access to affordable and quality healthcare. It's about ensuring peace of mind for you and your loved ones.
Designed to complement your MediShield Life (for Singaporeans and Permanent Residents), PRUShield offers the option to pay your premiums with your Medisave (up to the Additional Withdrawal Limits). 
PRUShield is also available for foreigners as a private health insurance plan, making it a versatile choice for individuals seeking medical insurance in Singapore.
Learn more about the recent PRUShield benefit changes and premium adjustments.
Key Benefits of Integrated Shield Plan
Better Coverage
High annual coverage including cancer treatment, minimised out-of-pocket expenses and risk-based loading1
Better Savings
Affordable plans tailored for different budgets.
Better Healthcare Experience
Smooth hospitalisation with value-added services.
Complement PRUShield with PRUExtra
Enjoy up to 95%^ health insurance coverage.
Additional benefits for PRUExtra Premier CoPay and PRUExtra Preferred CoPay customers 
PRUWell Reward
Claims-based premium pricing rewards you for staying healthy. Enjoy 20% off your renewal premium if there’s no claim during the review period on your PRUExtra Premier CoPay and PRUExtra Preferred CoPay. Premium level will also remain unchanged for PRUExtra Preferred CoPay upon the next policy renewal if all claims within the same review period is a successful Panel claim1.
PRUPanel Connect
 Enjoy a cashless2 and hassle-free experience at a selected panel of private and restructured hospitals, with a dedicated concierge service. Check eligibility now.
Exclusive value-added services for PRUShield customers Take control of your health and wellbeing. In today's fast-paced world, staying healthy can be challenging. That's why we have partnered with leading healthcare networks to provide you with the best tools and support. Think of us as your health partner, dedicated to enhancing your well-being and helping you become healthier and happier.
Check eligibility now and request for an online appointment to enjoy these value-added services.
Health Screening & Vaccination
Chronic Care Management (CCMP)
Teleconsultation
Basic health screening packages and vaccination services starting from S$74 (incl. GST) covering all essential screening needs
Fully subsidised home-based child (2 – 18 months) and senior (65 years and above4) vaccinations for Singaporean PRUShield life assured.
Referral to a panel specialist is available if you require a follow-up
Health Screening Packages
Preventive ScreeningNEW: Comprising of Blood Sugar, Blood Pressure, BMI and Lipid checks at any of the 37 Raffles Medical clinics islandwide at no cost with convenient online appointment booking
Mental Wellness SupportNEW: Assess your current mental health by completing a PHQ-9 assessment at no cost
Join our Diabetes Care Programme, Hypertension Care Programme, High Cholesterol Care Programme and Mental Wellness Programme if further support is needed
Chronic Care Management
Teleconsultation fee of S$13 (excl. GST) from 6am to 8.59pm and S$28 (excl. GST) from 9pm to 5.59am5
Medication delivered within 3 hours with no delivery fees6
Should you require a GP referral letter to a specialist, the healthcare provider will obtain your consent before Prudential contacts you
Prudential will assist to secure an appointment to see a panel specialist within 3 working days7
Teleconsultations
 Special Offer
Public Service Officers and their dependents can enjoy 10% off PRUShield Premier and PRUShield Plus premiums for the first year.
T&Cs apply.
Learn more
Useful Tools and Information
Check out these quick links
Play
Plan Comparison
Needs analysis calculator
 prev
restart Simplifying Your Healthcare Journey
We believe planning your healthcare should be simple.Choosing what you need should not take more than 4 clicks.
Show me how!
Your health services preference
 First, let's understand your needs.What level of health services are you looking for?
I am comfortable withpublic health care
I prefer private medical care
Your comfort level
 What is your preference level for privacy?
 I prefer to be exclusive, with my own room
 I am comfortable sharing a room with 3 other people
Your share of medical bill
 Would you like to pay for additional coverage on your deductibles and co-insurance
Yes, because I’m investing for peace of mind
No, I don’t mind taking that risk
Our value adds
 What best describes your preference for health services?
I want the best and nothing but the best
I'd like to have the best of both worlds. Good quality, yet affordable
I only want to pay for what I need and nothing more, no frills style
Private hospital access
 What level of private hospital accesswould you like to enjoy?
I’d like access to all private hospitals.
I’m ok to choose from a list of private hospitals at a lower premium.
Your share of medical bill
 Would you like to pay for additional coverage on your deductibles and co-insurance
Yes, I prefer more peace of mind
No thanks, I don’t need additional coverage
Your share of medical bill
 Do you prefer wider coverage on deductible amount?
I prefer wider coverage on deductible amount
I’m good with lesser coverage on deductible amount
Your share of medical bill
 Would you like to pay for additional coverage on your deductibles and co-insurance
Yes, I prefer the best and nothing but the best
Yes, I would prefer the best of both worlds; good quality + affordable
Pay for what I need & nothing more; no frills style
No thanks, I don’t need additional coverage
restart 
Based on your needs,the recommended product is:.......
PRUShield Standard
Covers B1 ward in public hospitals and below.
PRUShield Premier
Covers standard rooms in private hospitalsand all public hospitals.
PRUShield Plus
Covers A ward in public hospitals and below.
PRUExtra Plus CoPay
Further lowers your out-of-pocket expenses* at public hospitals
PRUShield Plus
Covers A ward in public hospitals and below.
PRUShield Premier
Covers standard rooms in privatehospitals and all public hospitals.
PRUExtra Premier Lite CoPay
Basic, no-frills private hospital option to further lower part of your out-of-pocket expenses* at all private and public hospitals in Singapore
Very competitive premiums
PRUShield Premier
Covers standard rooms in private and all public hospitals.
PRUExtra Premier CoPay
”Best of the best" option to further lower your out-of-pocket expenses* at all private and public hospitals in Singapore
Value-added services including cashless hospitalisation and concierge services
The highest premium solution for your protection needs
PRUShield Premier
Covers standard rooms in private and all public hospitals.
PRUExtra Preferred CoPay
”Value-for-money" option to further lower your out-of-pocket expenses* at selected private hospitals and all public hospitals in Singapore, at a more affordable rate
Value-added services including cashless hospitalisation and concierge services
PRUShield Plus
Covers A ward in public hospitals and below.
PRUExtra Plus Lite CoPay
Further lowers your out-of-pocket expenses* at public hospitals
PRUShield Premier
Covers standard rooms in private and all public hospitals
PRUExtra Premier Lite CoPay
Further lowers your out-of-pocket expenses* at all private and public hospitals in Singapore
Get a quote
Tell me more
×
Learn more...
Your out-of-pocket expenses will include your deductible and co-insurance.
Your deductible is the fixed amount you have the pay of the bill before any benefit is payable. The deductible ranges from S$1,500 - S$3,500 depending on age and ward class.
Your co-insurance is the percentage of the bill that you have to pay after the deductible is paid. The maximum co-insurance is 10%.
Important information
We’ve got you covered for COVID-19
PRUShield Coverage for Unvaccinated COVID-19 Patients
If you are unvaccinated against COVID-19 and are hospitalised for COVID-19 related illnesses, you will receive cover on your PRUShield Plan, subject to the standard Terms & Conditions of the PRUShield policy.
Hospitalisation Cover for COVID-19 Patients
 All Singaporeans, Permanent Residents and Long-term Pass Holders, who travelled out of Singapore, including countries with Vaccinated Travel Lanes (VTLs), and are hospitalised for symptoms for COVID-19 within 14 days of their return, will receive cover on their PRUShield Plan for COVID-19 treatment received on and after 20 October 2020 onwards.
 For more information, please refer to point no, 22 on the announcement from MOH and the FAQ.
 If you travelled out of Singapore from 20 October 2020 and are hospitalised overseas due to COVID-19 infection, you will receive PRUShield coverage under Emergency Medical Treatment outside Singapore benefit. This is subject to the standard Terms & Conditions of the PRUShield policy. Day surgery and outpatient treatment are not covered.
 For businesses, our Group Medical Plan covers medical costs related to the Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19), subject to the terms and conditions of your plan.
Hospitalisation Cover for Adverse Effects of COVID-19 Vaccination
Effective 13 January 2021, PRUShield plans will provide coverage for policyholders who are hospitalised due to adverse effects from COVID-19 vaccinations, provided it is authorised by the Singapore Health Sciences Authority and administered on the recommendation of a registered medical practitioner duly licensed by Singapore Medical Council.
 From 17 June 2021, PRUShield plans will also cover adverse effects from COVID-19 vaccines administered under the Special Access Route (SAR). Coverage will be provided for COVID-19 vaccinations under the Special Access Route (SAR) until 31 December 2022.
 This supports the national COVID-19 vaccination strategy, including the recommendation to vaccinate all medically eligible persons residing in Singapore, although vaccination should remain voluntary.
 For Daily Hospital Cash Benefit, Coverage for Telemedicine and more information, please refer to our FAQ or speak to your Financial Representative or call our PRUCustomer Line at 1800 333 0 333 for assistance. 
Coverage of Cancer Drug Treatment and Cancer Drug Service
The Ministry of Health (MOH) has released new guidelines on the cancer drug treatments that can be covered by Integrated Shield Plans. As part of efforts to reduce the cost of cancer drug treatment and keep premiums sustainable in the long-term, MOH has developed a Cancer Drug List (CDL). The CDL comprises clinically proven and more cost-effective cancer drug treatments (i.e., drugs paired with specified clinical indications, dosage form & strength, for which the drugs can be administered).
From 1 September 2022, only cancer drug treatment that are listed on the CDL and administered as per the CDL will be claimable from MediShield Life (MSHL) and MediSave (MSV). For Integrated Shield Plans (including PRUShield), the same change will take effect for policies renewed or purchased on or after 1 April 2023.
If a cancer drug treatment is not listed or not administered exactly as described in the CDL, it will not be claimable. However, customers with a PRUExtra rider will still receive up to S$150,000 coverage on selected cancer drug treatments not listed per the CDL.
The CDL is published on MOH’s website at https://go.gov.sg/moh-cancerdruglist and currently covers most cancer drug treatments approved by the Health Sciences Authority (HSA). MOH will update it every few months to keep up with medical advancements and the latest clinical evidence.
With these changes, your policy’s Outpatient Cancer Treatment benefit will be replaced with 2 new benefits; Cancer Drug Treatment benefit and Cancer Drug Services benefit; for policies renewed or purchased on or after 1 April 2023.
Cancer Drug Treatment benefit – Only cancer drug treatments administered as specified on the CDL will be claimable under your Policy, up to the treatment-specific claim limits. Selected outpatient cancer drug treatments beyond the CDL will be claimable under riders. If you are currently undergoing cancer treatment, please consult your doctor early on whether your treatment is on the CDL.
Cancer Drug Services benefit – Services that are part of a cancer drug treatment (including treatments not on the CDL), such as consultations, scans, lab investigations, treatment preparation and administration, supportive care drugs and blood transfusions, will be claimable under the Cancer Drug Services benefit, up to specified claims limits.
Further to that, effective from 1 December 2023, MOH has provided higher MSHL and MSV limits for patients with multiple primary cancers:
(i)
For cancer drug treatment, the limit is the sum of the highest cancer drug treatment limit among the claimable treatments received for each primary cancer in that month; and
(ii)
For cancer drug services, the limit is twice the current limit for patients with one primary cancer if the patient had received treatment for multiple primary cancers at any point in time within the same Policy Year.
In line with MOH, changes will apply to PRUShield Premier, PRUShield Plus, PRUShield Standard Plans and PRUExtra riders. For details on:
Revised Claims Limit
Multiple Cancer Drug Claims Limits
Support Available for Patients Undergoing Cancer Treatment and
Enhancement to Cancer Drug Treatment and Services for Multiple Primary Cancers
Please refer to our https://www.prudential.com.sg/prushield-changes
List of Panel and Non-Panel Providers
Panel Providers include:
All Private Registered Medical Practitioners/Specialists, Private Hospitals and Private Treatment Centres listed on the PRUPanel Connect website
All Restructured Hospitals and Treatment Centres
Note: PRUPanel Connect value-added services are applicable for all under (1) and a selected number of Restructured Hospitals and Medical Practitioners/Specialists under (2), all of which are listed on the PRUPanel Connect website.
Non-Panel Providers are:
Non-participating specialists under Raffles Hospital
Non-participating specialists under Mount Alvernia Hospital
Non-participating specialists under Private Treatment Centres listed on PRUPanel Connect Website.
Parkway East Hospital
Thomson Medical Centre
Medical Institutions categorized as Day Surgery Centres, Dialysis Centres and Oncology Clinics under the list of MediShield Institutions Participating in MediShield Life Scheme. Please refer to CPFB Website here. 
‘No Access’ can be described as:
Under the PRUExtra Preferred CoPay plan, if a private hospital or private medical institution is not listed under either Panel or Non-Panel, the claim will not be admissible.
Please refer to the policy document for more information.
We reserve the right to change this Panel or Non-Panel list from time to time.
List of kidney dialysis centre eligible for waiver of pro-ration
PRUShield Plus: There will be no pro-ration for outpatient kidney dialysis treatments performed at National Kidney Foundation (NKF) and Kidney Dialysis Foundation (KDF).
Drivers of Premium
Your premiums are used to pay claims and other expenses in administering your policy*, as well as the commissions of Prudential Financial Representative or representatives of Prudential Singapore.
2020
2023
Claims
65%
74%
Commissions and distribution costs
12%
13%
Management expenses
5%
5%
The cost of claims would change depending on the claim size and number of claims submitted by policyholders. In the past 3 years, the average bill size1 had increased by 12% and 10% in the public and private healthcare institutions respectively. The number of claims submitted per policyholder2 had also increased by 20%.
*Based on all long-term accident and health plans, including Integrated Shield Plans (IPs) and riders
 Notes:
 All the figures presented are gross figures
1Average bill size is calculated based on per unique Hospital Registration Number (HRN)
2The number of claims submitted per policyholder calculated is based on the unique Hospital Registration Number (HRN) count
Footnotes
1
Subject to underwriting assessment.
2
The selected specialist must be empanelled at the Panel Healthcare Institutions as indicated on our website, and the claim must be eFiled from the Hospital/Day Surgery Centre Business Office and not from the specialist clinic except for outpatient chemotherapy at OncoCare Cancer Centre and Icon Cancer Centre clinics at Mount Alvernia Hospital.
3
Terms & conditions apply. Please refer to PRUPanel Connect website.
4
Patients with severe allergies require an On-Site clinic doctor’s consultation and approval before they can proceed with a home-based vaccination.
5
Charges exclude medication.
6
Except for secured locations listed at www.prudential.com.sg/ppc-teleconsult#faq where there will be a surcharge of $15 (excluding GST).
7
On a best effort basis.
^
Only applicable to PRUExtra Premier CoPay, PRUExtra Preferred CoPay & PRUExtra Plus CoPay.
Additional Notes
For planned overseas medical treatment under PRUShield, please refer to how to submit a claim.
PRUShield is a yearly renewable plan. PRUExtra premiums cannot be paid by MediSave. Prudential guarantees lifetime coverage for PRUShield and PRUExtra inforce policies.
We reserve the right to vary the policy benefits, features, conditions, and/or name at any time by giving 30 days’ written notice to the policy owner before doing so.
You are recommended to read the product summary and seek advice from a qualified Prudential Financial Representative for a financial analysis before purchasing a policy suitable to meet your needs. Buying health insurance products that are not suitable for you may impact your ability to finance your future healthcare needs.
Premiums are not guaranteed and may be adjusted based on future claims experience. Prudential serves the right to vary premiums at any time by giving 30 days’ written notice to the policyowner before doing so. Premium rates will be based on age next birthday (for first premium) on cover start date and each policy anniversary date (for renewable premium).
This is a non-participating plan and the nature of PRUShield and PRUExtra is different from life or endowment products as it has no surrender value.
The information on this website is for reference only and is not a contract of insurance. Please refer to the exact terms and conditions, specific details and exclusions applicable to this insurance product in the policy documents that can be obtained from your Prudential Financial Representative.
The information contained on this website is intended to be valid in Singapore only and shall not be construed as an offer to sell or solicitation to buy or provision of any insurance product outside Singapore.
In case of discrepancy between the English and Mandarin versions of the product brochures, the English version shall prevail.
This policy is protected under the Policy Owners’ Protection Scheme which is administered by the Singapore Deposit Insurance Corporation (SDIC). Coverage for your policy is automatic and no further action is required from you. For more information on the types of benefits that are covered under the scheme as well as the limits of coverage, where applicable, please contact your insurer or visit the GIA/LIA or SDIC web-sites (www.gia.org.sg or www.lia.org.sg or www.sdic.org.sg).
In the event that the policy is not suitable, the client may cancel the policy by making a written request to Prudential within the 21-day free look period. Prudential will refund any premiums paid, less medical fees, other expenses incurred and any outstanding amounts owed in connection with the policy.
Information is correct as at 1 October 2024.
This advertisement has not been reviewed by the Monetary Authority of Singapore.
Download Brochures Now
Download English Brochure
Download Chinese Brochure
How to buy health insurance online?
PRUShield is available for purchase online. Simply get an instant quote and complete the purchase in a fuss-free manner.
Public Service Officer Discount T&Cs
A. Promotion Details
Definitions:
“Prudential” means Prudential Assurance Company Singapore (Pte) Limited.
“Promotion Period” means the period between 1 August 2023 and 31 July 2026 (both dates inclusive).
“Eligible Customer” means policyholders whose proposal for any Eligible Insurance Plan is submitted to and incepted by Prudential during the Promotion Period having satisfied the eligibility criteria below.
“Eligible Insurance Plan” means any of the products meeting the criteria as stated in the Promotion Table below.
“Discount” means the percentage discount given to the Eligible Customer as stated in the Promotion Table below.
“Promotion Table” means Promotion Table below.
Promotion Table
Eligible Healthcare Insurance Plan
Premium Discount1
PRUShield Premier
 OR
PRUShield Plus
10%
1 Please refer to section C for details.
Note: The Discount is not applicable for PRUExtra supplementary plans.
 B. Eligibility
 To be eligible for the Promotion, the Eligible Customer has to satisfy the following requirements during the Promotion Period in order to receive the Discount (as defined in the Promotion Table):
The Eligible Customer is a Singaporean, Permanent Resident, or a foreigner holding an “Eligible Valid Pass” recognised by the Immigration & Checkpoints Authority (ICA) and the Ministry of Manpower (MOM).
The Eligible Customer is a Public Service Officer or a spouse or child of a Public Service Officer.
The Eligible Customer’s age is between 1 and 75 years (next birthday).
 C. Discount
An Eligible Customer is entitled to receive the Discount in accordance with the Promotion Table above.
Discount will be applied on the basic policy for the first policy year and is applicable to Prudential’s portion of the Integrated Shield Plan premium only.
Discount is available exclusively for new-to-PRUShield customers. It does not apply to upgrades, downgrades, or switches between different PRUShield plans.
The Discount in this Promotion shall be on a ‘per-policy’ basis (subject to the Terms and Conditions of this Promotion). There shall be no restrictions on the number of Discount transactions an Eligible Customer can enjoy.
If the Eligible Customer is a Singaporean or Permanent Resident of Singapore, PRUShield Premier and PRUShield Plus are available as an Integrated Shield Plan (“IP”) made up of MediShield Life provided by the Central Provident Fund Board and additional private insurance provided by Prudential. The Discount is applicable to Prudential’s portion of the IP premium only.
The Discount in this Promotion is not applicable should the Eligible Insurance Plan be cancelled within the twenty-one (21) day free-look period. The premium amount refunded will be based on the premium amount paid by the Eligible Customer.
The Discount is not applicable should the Eligible Insurance Plan be Not Taken Up and subsequently reopened, or the Eligible Insurance Plan has lapsed and subsequently reinstated.
The Discount will be applied automatically at policy issuance upon meeting the eligibility criteria.
 D. General Terms and Conditions
 By participating in the campaign, each Eligible Customer is deemed to have accepted and agreed to be bound by these Terms and Conditions contained herein and any other instructions, terms and conditions that Prudential may issue from time to time.
 Prudential assumes no responsibility for incomplete, lost, late, damaged, illegible or misdirected forms or email communication, for technical hardware or software failures of any kind, lost or unavailable network connections, or failed incomplete, garbled or delayed electronic transmission which may limit an Eligible Customer’s ability to participate in the campaign.
 Prudential has the sole and absolute discretion to exclude any Eligible Customer from participating in the campaign without any obligation to furnish notice and/or reason.
 Prudential reserves the right to disqualify or disregard any Eligible Customer who does not comply with the Terms and Conditions contained herein.
 Prudential reserves the right to request for the Eligible Customers’ proof of eligibility, identity and/or otherwise for the purposes of verifying the Eligible Customer’s eligibility offer at the time of application. Prudential is under no obligation whatsoever to disclose the identity of the Eligible Customers or to publish the same for any reason at any point of time.
 By participating in this campaign, each Eligible Customer agrees and consents under the Personal Data Protection Act (Cap 26 of 2012) to the collection, use and disclosure of any and all personal data of the Eligible Customer by/to Prudential, advertising and promotional agencies of the campaign and such other third party, in Prudential’s absolute discretion, consider appropriate or necessary in connection with the campaign.
 If an Eligible Customer provides Prudential with personal data of any third party, that Eligible Customer hereby:
 Agrees on behalf of that third party to be bound by the Terms and Conditions contained herein; and
Consents on behalf of that third party, to Prudential’s collection, use, disclosure and processing of his/her personal data in accordance with the Terms and Conditions contained herein The Eligible Customer warrants that he/she has obtained the said third party’s prior consent to such collection, use, disclosure and processing of his/her personal data by Prudential and that the personal data that the Eligible Customer provides to Prudential is true, accurate and complete.
 Prudential shall not be liable for any third party’s misuse of the Eligible Customer’s submitted information and photograph as a result of the Eligible Customer taking part in the campaign.
 Unless prohibited by law, participation in the campaign constitutes permission for Prudential, its advertising and promotional agencies to use any of the Eligible Customer’s names, and/or likeness for advertising and promotional purposes. Each Eligible Customer further agrees and acknowledges that the copyright and all other intellectual property rights in and to all photographs or audio-video or other recordings of the Eligible Customer taken or made in connection with the campaign shall vest solely and absolutely in Prudential without any compensation to the Eligible Customer.
 Prudential may at any time at its absolute discretion, without prior notice or assigning any reason thereof or being liable to any person, (i) suspend, cancel or terminate the campaign, or (ii) delete, vary, supplement, amend, modify any one or more of the terms and conditions of the campaign. Prudential’s determination of all matters in connection with the campaign shall be final, binding and conclusive. Prudential is not obliged to give any reason or prior notice on any matter concerning the campaign. No appeal, correspondence or claims will be entertained. Prudential has the right and discretion to determine whether a party has met the requirements of the campaign. Eligible Customers shall not be entitled to any damages or compensation whatsoever or howsoever arising as a result of such amendment, suspension or termination.
 By participating in the campaign, all Eligible Customers agree and undertake to, at all times, indemnify, keep indemnified, and hold Prudential, its employees and agents harmless against all losses (including direct, indirect, incidental and/or consequential losses), damages (including general, special, and/or punitive damages), demands, injuries (other than personal injury caused by Prudential’s negligence), claims, costs, penalties, interest and fees (including all legal fees as between solicitor and client or otherwise on a full indemnity basis whether or not incurred in respect of any real, anticipated, or threatened legal proceedings), howsoever caused by, arising or resulting from, whether directly or indirectly, their participation in the campaign, acceptance, and/or any breach or purported breach of these terms and conditions and/or any applicable law.
 In the event of any inconsistency or discrepancy between the Terms and Conditions contained herein and the contents of any brochure, marketing and/or promotional materials relating to the campaign, the Terms and Conditions contained herein shall prevail.
 Any trademarks, graphic symbols, logos or intellectual property contained in any materials used in connection with this campaign are the property of their respective owners. Prudential is not affiliated with, or endorsed or sponsored by, such owners and their relevant affiliates.
 Failure by Prudential to exercise any of its right or remedy under the Terms and Conditions contained herein does not constitute a waiver of that right or remedy.
 The Terms and Conditions contained herein shall be governed by Singapore law and the Eligible Customers agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Singapore.
 A person who is not a party to any agreement governed by these Terms and Conditions shall have no right under the Contracts (Right of Third Parties) Act (Cap 53B) to enforce any of these Terms and Conditions.
PRUShield EasySwitch T&Cs and FAQs
A. Definitions
“Prudential” means Prudential Assurance Company Singapore (Pte) Limited.
“Campaign Period” means the period between 1 September 2023 and 31 December 2024 (both dates inclusive) for all Eligible Insurance Plan in Table A.
“Eligible Customer” means policyholder whose proposal for any Eligible Insurance Plan including supplementary plans is submitted to Prudential during the Campaign Period having satisfied the eligibility criteria below:
Has an existing in-force Integrated Shield Plan (IP) or existing in-force Shield Plan providing coverage for foreigners from non-Prudential insurers (the policies should not have been substandard or rejected previously)
Is 50 years old or below#
Ability to provide a copy of the Certificate of Life Assurance (or its equivalent) indicating the cover start date with the existing insurer
Fulfil the three health questions when applying and submit their plans electronically through a Prudential Financial Representative, Prudential Wealth Manager, or SCB Insurance Specialist
Has not been hospitalised, or undergone any surgery, or made any claims in the past five years
Is not currently pregnant
Has no ongoing health conditions
Has no insurance application(s) with any insurers that has been declined, postponed, or accepted with exclusions or special terms. This includes any moratorium underwriting or similar campaigns, in which pre-existing medical conditions are not declared upon application and are subjected to special terms and conditions
#Refers to Age Next Birthday (ANB)
“Eligible Insurance Plans” means any of the products meeting the criteria as stated in the Table A below.
 B. PRUShield EasySwitch Campaign Table A
Eligible Insurance Plans
Customers will enjoy the below benefits1
PRUShield Premier
 (a)	Prudential will recognise the cover start date of the existing Shield Plan2 from another insurance provider.
 (b)	Eligible Customer will answer a simplified health questionnaire instead of the full health questionnaire.
PRUShield with
PRUExtra Premier CoPay, or
PRUExtra Preferred CoPay, or
PRUExtra Premier Lite CoPay
PRUShield Plus
PRUShield with
PRUExtra Plus CoPay, or
PRUExtra Plus Lite CoPay
PRUShield Standard
1 The offer is applicable for new-to-PRUShield customers only. Customers should purchase any eligible PRUShield or PRUShield with PRUExtra supplementary plans to enjoy the offer.
2 Shield Plan includes Integrated Shield Plan (IP) providing coverage to Singaporeans/PRs and Shield Plan providing coverage to foreigner.
 C. Other Terms and Conditions
 If you enroll in PRUShield through the PRUShield EasySwitch campaign and currently have coverage under a Shield Plan2, your existing Shield coverage will be automatically terminated when your new PRUShield coverage begins. Be sure to exercise caution when answering health-related questions, particularly those concerning ongoing pre-existing conditions, to avoid the risk of unintentionally losing coverage. If you declare any health conditions after your PRUShield plan has started, the coverage of your PRUShield policy may be reassessed with exclusions applied.
PRUShield will not provide coverage for any pre-existing condition before the cover start date of your existing Shield Plan2. The pre-existing conditions include symptoms or signs for which the person received medical treatment, medication, consultation, advice, or diagnosis; or that would have made a sensible person seek medical help. If your existing shield plan covers such pre-existing medical conditions, you may lose coverage for those by switching to PRUShield without explicit disclosure.
 D. General Terms and Conditions
 By participating in the campaign, each Eligible Customer is deemed to have accepted and agreed to be bound by these Terms and Conditions contained herein and any other instructions, terms and conditions that Prudential may issue from time to time.
 Prudential assumes no responsibility for incomplete, lost, late, damaged, illegible or misdirected forms or email communication, for technical hardware or software failures of any kind, lost or unavailable network connections, or failed incomplete, garbled or delayed electronic transmission which may limit an Eligible Customer’s ability to participate in the campaign.
 Prudential has the sole and absolute discretion to exclude any Eligible Customer from participating in the campaign without any obligation to furnish notice and/or reason.
 Prudential reserves the right to disqualify or disregard any Eligible Customer who does not comply with the Terms and Conditions contained herein.
 Prudential reserves the right to request for the Eligible Customers’ proof of eligibility, identity and/or otherwise for the purposes of verifying the Eligible Customer’s eligibility offer at the time of application. Prudential is under no obligation whatsoever to disclose the identity of the Eligible Customers or to publish the same for any reason at any point of time.
 By participating in this campaign, each Eligible Customer agrees and consents under the Personal Data Protection Act (Cap 26 of 2012) to the collection, use and disclosure of any and all personal data of the Eligible Customer by/to Prudential, advertising and promotional agencies of the campaign and such other third party, in Prudential’s absolute discretion, consider appropriate or necessary in connection with the campaign.
 If an Eligible Customer provides Prudential with personal data of any third party, that Eligible Customer hereby:
 Agrees on behalf of that third party to be bound by the Terms and Conditions contained herein; and
Consents on behalf of that third party, to Prudential’s collection, use, disclosure and processing of his/her personal data in accordance with the Terms and Conditions contained herein The Eligible Customer warrants that he/she has obtained the said third party’s prior consent to such collection, use, disclosure and processing of his/her personal data by Prudential and that the personal data that the Eligible Customer provides to Prudential is true, accurate and complete.
 Prudential shall not be liable for any third party’s misuse of the Eligible Customer’s submitted information and photograph as a result of the Eligible Customer taking part in the campaign.
 Unless prohibited by law, participation in the campaign constitutes permission for Prudential, its advertising and promotional agencies to use any of the Eligible Customer’s names, and/or likeness for advertising and promotional purposes. Each Eligible Customer further agrees and acknowledges that the copyright and all other intellectual property rights in and to all photographs or audio-video or other recordings of the Eligible Customer taken or made in connection with the campaign shall vest solely and absolutely in Prudential without any compensation to the Eligible Customer.
 Prudential may at any time at its absolute discretion, without prior notice or assigning any reason thereof or being liable to any person, (i) suspend, cancel or terminate the campaign, or (ii) delete, vary, supplement, amend, modify any one or more of the terms and conditions of the campaign. Prudential’s determination of all matters in connection with the campaign shall be final, binding and conclusive. Prudential is not obliged to give any reason or prior notice on any matter concerning the campaign. No appeal, correspondence or claims will be entertained. Prudential has the right and discretion to determine whether a party has met the requirements of the campaign. Eligible Customers shall not be entitled to any damages or compensation whatsoever or howsoever arising as a result of such amendment, suspension or termination.
 By participating in the campaign, all Eligible Customers agree and undertake to, at all times, indemnify, keep indemnified, and hold Prudential, its employees and agents harmless against all losses (including direct, indirect, incidental and/or consequential losses), damages (including general, special, and/or punitive damages), demands, injuries (other than personal injury caused by Prudential’s negligence), claims, costs, penalties, interest and fees (including all legal fees as between solicitor and client or otherwise on a full indemnity basis whether or not incurred in respect of any real, anticipated, or threatened legal proceedings), howsoever caused by, arising or resulting from, whether directly or indirectly, their participation in the campaign, acceptance, and/or any breach or purported breach of these terms and conditions and/or any applicable law.
 In the event of any inconsistency or discrepancy between the Terms and Conditions contained herein and the contents of any brochure, marketing and/or promotional materials relating to the campaign, the Terms and Conditions contained herein shall prevail.
 Any trademarks, graphic symbols, logos or intellectual property contained in any materials used in connection with this campaign are the property of their respective owners. Prudential is not affiliated with, or endorsed or sponsored by, such owners and their relevant affiliates.
 Failure by Prudential to exercise any of its right or remedy under the Terms and Conditions contained herein does not constitute a waiver of that right or remedy.
 The Terms and Conditions contained herein shall be governed by Singapore law and the Eligible Customers agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Singapore.
 A person who is not a party to any agreement governed by these Terms and Conditions shall have no right under the Contracts (Right of Third Parties) Act (Cap 53B) to enforce any of these Terms and Conditions.
For more information on PRUShield EasySwitch, please check our Frequently Asked Questions.
We’re here to help
Start your financial planning journey with us today. Our Financial Representative will be in touch to assist you. 
* All fields are mandatory
Are you a PRU Policy Owner?
Yes
No
Date of Birth
Are you a EU resident individual?
 Yes
 No
I understand that if I am an European Union (“EU”) resident individual (i.e. my residential address is based in any of the EU countries), I can refer to Prudential Privacy Notice (which is available at https://www.prudential.com.sg/privacy-notice) for more information on the rights available to me under the GDPR.
Declaration
Declaration
 By submitting this form, I confirm that I have read, understood and given my consent
Consent 
For Prudential Assurance Company Singapore and its related corporations, respective representatives, agents, third party service providers, contractors and/or appointed distribution/business partners (collectively referred to as “Prudential”)  to collect, use, disclose and/or process my/our personal data for the purpose of contacting me about products and services distributed, marketed and/or introduced by Prudential through marketing activities via all channels including but not limited to SMS, Social Media, In-app Push Notification, Phone Call etc and perusing my contact details which Prudential has in its records from time to time and in accordance to the Prudential’s Privacy Notice.
I hereby expressly understand and agree that my given consent(s) herein do not supersede or replace any other consents and/or previous consents which I may have previously given to Prudential in respect of my personal data and is without prejudice to any legal rights available to Prudential to collect, use or disclose my personal data.
For existing customers: 
I understand that I can refer to Prudential's Privacy Notice, which is available at https://www.prudential.com.sg/Privacy-Notice for more information on contacting Prudential for feedback, access, correction and withdrawal on the use of my personal data
For individuals who are new to Prudential:  I understand that I will receive a notification through email or SMS on how I can provide feedback and request to access, correct and withdraw the use of my personal data.
Or give us a call: 1800 333 0333
LeadRating IsActive
LeadRating
Cold
Hot
Warm
Campaign ID
Lead Source Detail
Lead Sub Source
Entry Point
Owner Id
RecordType Id
Country Code
Agreed_to_Individual_PDPA_Consent
Similar products
PRUExtra
 Complement your PRUShield plans with PRUExtra to enjoy greater coverage.
PRUActive Term
 A unique and customisable protection term plan designed to keep up with your changing needs.
PRUPersonal Accident
 Personal accident insurance to cover minor everyday mishaps or unexpected injuries even when you’re overseas.
Recommended Stories
 story
How do I compare Integrated Shield plans?
 If you are a Singapore citizen or permanent resident, you enjoy basic health insurance through MediShield Life.
 story
Can Young Adults Even Afford Insurance Nowadays? By Rice Media
 Is health insurance all that important? Hear from fellow young Singaporeans about what they think.
 story
Here are 4 important insurance plans to consider for your family
 For most of us, family means the world. As such, you would want to take every measure to ensure that they stay protected against the many uncertainties in life.
Get in Touch
Products
 Pulse by Prudential
 Health Insurance
 Life Insurance
 Wealth Accumulation
 PRUPanel Connect
 Promotions
 International Clients
Services
 FAQs
 Claims
 Payments
 Contact Us
 Support
 Financial tools
 Understanding Life Insurance
 Find a PRUAdviser
 Website Feedback
Company
 About us
 Annual Reports
 Sustainability
 Corporate Governance
 Newsroom
 Community Investments
 Report a Security Issue
 Disclaimer and Intellectual Rights Notice
 Privacy Notice
Priority Programme
 Ascend by Prudential
 OPUS by Prudential
 Pursue
Prudential Singapore
Prudential Customer Service Centre
5 Straits View #01-18/19, Marina One The Heart, East Tower, Singapore 018935 
1800 3330 333 Mon to Fri, 8:30am to 5:30pm
+65 63330333 If you're dialling from overseas or via a payphone
Prudential Corporate Office
7 Straits View #06-01, Marina One East Tower, Singapore 018936
Company Reg. No.: 199002477Z
© Copyright 2024 Prudential Assurance Company Singapore (Pte) Ltd. All rights reserved.